Reorganize the order of the Azure storage content (#2937)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/storage/includes/storage-bicep.md

---
ms.topic: include
---

> #### Generated provisioning Bicep

Reviewer: Should this be "Provisioning-generated Bicep"? I don't understand the heading.

> #### Generated provisioning Bicep

Author: ```suggestion
#### Provisioning-generated Bicep
```

> If you're new to [Bicep](/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/overview), it's a domain-specific language for defining Azure resources. With .NET Aspire, you don't need to write Bicep by-hand, instead the provisioning APIs generate Bicep for you. When you publish your app, the generated Bicep is output alongside the manifest file. When you add an Azure Storage resource, the following Bicep is generated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to [Bicep](/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/overview), it's a domain-specific language for defining Azure resources. With .NET Aspire, you don't need to write Bicep by hand; instead, the provisioning APIs generate Bicep for you. When you publish your app, the generated Bicep is output alongside the manifest file. When you add an Azure Storage resource, the following Bicep is generated:
```

:::code language="bicep" source="../../snippets/azure/AppHost/storage.module.bicep":::

The preceding Bicep is a module that provisions an Azure Storage account resource. Additionally, role assignments are created for the Azure resource in a separate module:

:::code language="bicep" source="../../snippets/azure/AppHost/storage-roles.module.bicep":::

In addition to the storage account, it also provisions a blob container.

> The following role assignments are added to the storage account to grant your application access. See the [built-in Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC) roles](/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#storage) for more information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following role assignments are added to the storage account to grant your application access. For more information, see the [built-in Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC) roles](/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#storage).
```

| Role / ID | Description |
|------|-------------|
| Storage Blob Data Contributor<br/>`ba92f5b4-2d11-453d-a403-e96b0029c9fe` | Read, write, and delete Azure Storage containers and blobs. |
| Storage Table Data Contributor<br/>`0a9a7e1f-b9d0-4cc4-a60d-0319b160aaa3` | Read, write, and delete Azure Storage tables and entities. |
| Storage Queue Data Contributor<br/>`974c5e8b-45b9-4653-ba55-5f855dd0fb88` | Read, write, and delete Azure Storage queues and queue messages. |

> The generated Bicep is a starting point and is influenced by changes to the provisioning infrastructure in C#. Customizations to the Bicep file directly will be overwritten, so make changes through the C# provisioning APIs to ensure they are reflected in the generated files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated Bicep is a starting point and is influenced by changes to the provisioning infrastructure in C#. If you make customizations directly to the Bicep file, they'll be overwritten, so make changes through the C# provisioning APIs to ensure they're reflected in the generated files.
```
